[13.0][MIG] sale_stock_return_request: Migration to v13.0 (#1475)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_stock_return_request/README.rst

    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/13.0/sale_stock_return_request
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-13-0/sale-workflow-13-0-sale_stock_return_request
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends stock_return_request to be able to link the returns to
their corresponding purchase orders in the case of returns to supplier as well
as to be able to get the corresponding refunds.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

> #. Go to *Purchases > Purchase > Return Request* and place a new return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Inventory > Operations > Return Request* and place a new return.
```
